My husband hates me
Ok, I know he doesn't really hate me. But sometimes it feels that way - like everything I do annoys him and he wishes I would go away.
The past few times we've gone out it always ends in a fight. Tonight it was because I was too chatty with my parents when we went to pick up the kids, whom they'd be watching while husband and I went to dinner. I don't see them that often and was catching up with my dad. Husband was impatiently herding us all outside to the truck, and when I went to climb in saying goodbye to my parents, apparently I "didn't listen" to him well enough to follow his instructions on how to put the seat forward. He waa trying to tell me the seat was tilted forward and to set it back before I climbed in; I was aware the seat was tilted and climbed in first, then tilted it back.
It should have been nothing. But he starts sighing and grumbling that I wasn't listening to him, and bitching at me that we took too long (20 minutes) at my parents' house.
We got home and I'm following his lead, and tell the kids to come on inside the house. Husband throws up his arms and gives me a disgusted look, because apparently him telling the toddler not to touch his truck exhaust while the older son barrels towards the street is quality time he's spending with the kids and I'm ruining it.
It continues on like that all night. I do something I think is innocuous and he keeps getting annoyed and snapping at me. When I finally break down start crying, and the toddler comes over and starts whacking me going "Mama mama mama" repeatedly, husband's response is to come in and demand to know what I'm doing because my kid is trying to talk to me.
He says I "blow things out of proportion" because when he gets snotty with me over nothing I don't let it roll off my back - I call him out on it. Then it's my fault for starting an argument, not his for getting an attitude. At this point an eyeroll or exasperated sigh on his part is enough to set me off because it reminds me of every other passive aggressive dig I've suffered through.
I'm just so tired, ladies. When things are good, they're great - he acts like the sun rises and sets at my feet. But the tiniest thing goes wrong and he gets pissy and then digs in his heels when I call him out on his behavior. The he denies he ever got annoyed and tells me I'm just making it all up. I'm tired. I'm not sure the good is outweighing the bad anymore.